Vanessa Chou
cs11fbv
November 12, 2014

AnimalSpeak
This program is a game where you must identify a sound with the animal
that makes the sound. When the applet first opens, 6 pictures will be
presented in a 3x2 format. A question randomly asking which of the 6 
animals makes a certain noise will be located at the bottom of the screen.

If you click on the wrong animal, a red border will appear aound the picture
you clicked on and the text "WRONG! - Try Again!" will appear in red above
the question. 
If you click anywhere in the applet that is not on a picture, 
any borders or text except for the question will disappear. 
If you click on the correct animal (i.e. the Lamb when the question asks "baa" 
or the Kitty when the question asks "meow), the animal will have a green 
border appear around the picture and at the bottom the statement "CORRECT!- 
click mouse to restart" appears in green. Clicking the mouse again will 
create a new game and the answer/border/text from the previous game will 
disappear.

   
Memory
This program is a game where you must match 6 pairs of face down cards.
Upon opening the applet, the cards are face down in a 3x4 formation and
you can see their black borders. If you click on any card, it will flip 
over and show one of 6 animal pictures. If you flip another card over,
it will compare the two cards that have been flipped over. 

If they are not the same animal, both animals will have a red border 
appear aruond them. Clicking anywhere on the screen again will make both 
of them face down again and the red borders disappear and so you can 
choose another card again. 
If they are the same animal, both cards will have a green border appear 
around them and the sound the animal makes will appear in text along the 
bottom. The cards will stay face-up with the borders and you can start 
matching new pairs. If you click on a face-up over card it will do 
nothing. Clicking on anywhere on the screen other than a card will do 
nothing.


1. Type 0 to go to the front of the line, type $ to go to the back.
2. Press v.
3. 
4.
5. It overrides a method in the same name and parent class.
6. cut -5-13 foo

