ReverseRecurse
This program takes a series of numbers and reverses them in multiple ways. 
First, it will ask you to enter a maximum number of integers that will be 
in the series. If you enter a 0 or a number smaller than 0, the program 
tell you to enter a number larger than 0 and ask for the maximum number 
again. If you enter a number greater than 0, it will then ask you to 
enter the series of integers. Once the amount of integers reaches the 
max number, the program will then print the list of integers 6 times. 

The first time will show the numbers in the order they were typed; the 
second will directly reverse the list and so the numbers are printed in 
backwards order. The third will directly reverse it again and so the 
numbers appear back in original order. The fourth will show a copy of 
the list in the same order it was in. The fifth will make two new lists 
each time; it will flip the first and last numbers and put them into the 
first new list and put the rest into the second new list; at the end, it 
will add them all together so the actual printed statement looks the same 
as the second printed list. The sixth will do the same thing as the first 
but use the flipped list as the base so the final printed list is back in 
the original order. 

The 1st, 3rd, 4th, and 6th statements will appear in the order that you typed
in while the 2nd and 5th will be in reverse order. If you enter a number of 
integers less than the max number you indicated, it will only take those 
integers into the list. Typing letters when you should have entered integers
will make the program print EMPTY ARRAY.    


Slots
This program will create a virtual slot machines game. The applet will 
feature a title on top and a "Click to spin" button at the bottom. In the 
middle are three slot wheels that all display the same 4 images: Sungod, 
the Warren Bear, Triton, and Geisel Library. Each slot wheel has a black 
outline around it. Pressing the "Click to spin" button will make the wheels 
start "spinning"; the leftmost wheel will stop first, the middle wheel second, 
and the rightmost wheel last.  In actuality, the "spinning wheels" are instead
alternating images and half-images that make it look as if it is spinning. 
Landing three of the same image counts as a win.  


SlotWheel
This program provides the wheels to be used by the Slots program. Each wheel 
has a number of "ticks" that makes it spin for a certain amount of time, like 
a real casino slots wheel; the more ticks it has, the longer it will spin 
for. Information provided here will also make sure that the wheels stop on 
an actual picture and not a half-image.



1. :set shiftwidth=2 will set the indent to 2 spaces while N>> indents N 
   consecutive lines. Likewise, while N<< de-indents N consecutive lines.
2. >% indents the block one level when the cursor is on the open or close 
   bracket while <% de-indents it.
3. Type "O" to go down a line and enter insert mode.
4. 1>output redirects the output file to "output".
5. int[] ints= new int[]{1,3,5,7,9};

