Triangles
This program will draw a series of 8 triangles (made of either asterisks 
or spaces) whose number of rows correspond to the number (larger than 1)
inputted by the user. Upon running the program, the program will ask for a
number to be inputted. If the number inputted is 1 or smaller, the program
will state that the number must be larger than 1 (since you cannot form a 
triangle with just 1 row or less). To test the program and ensure that it 
ran properly, I tested numbers that were both within and outside the range 
of valid numbers, meaning negative numbers, 0, 1, and numbers larger than 
1. If the program produced a series of 8 triangles that matched the pattern 
of asterisk-space-asterisk-space-space-asterisk-space-asterisk triangles 
(starting from the left) and contained a number of rows that matched the 
number inputted, then the program should be correct.       

FlippingMickey
This program is similar to Mickey in that it creates a Mickey Mouse-shaped 
silhouette that can respond to different mouse events. Upon running the 
program, the applet will open along with 3 lines of instructions on the 
canvas. When the mouse is first clicked, a mickey silhouette appears with
the center of its face located where the mouse was clicked. Like Mickey, 
a second silhouette will not appear if one has already been created. The 
face can be dragged if the user clicks on the face and holds down the mouse
as he moves it around. 
In addition to the functions from Mickey, this program will flip the 
silhouette depending on where the Mickey is pressed. If the left ear is 
pressed for longer than 500 milliseconds and released, the silhouette will 
flip left and use the middle of the left ear as the axis. If the right ear 
is pressed for longer than 500 milliseconds and released, it will flip right
and use the middle of the right ear as the axis. If the face portion is 
pressed for longer than 500 milliseconds and released, the mouse will flip 
downwards using the middle of the face as the axis (it will appear as if only
the ears moved down). If the same action is repeated for the face, it will 
flip back up. The flipping of the ears and face can be done one after another
to flip the Mickey up/down and then left/right, or vice versa. When the mouse
leaves the canvas, the Mickey will disappear and the instructions will reappear
once the mouse re-enters the canvas. After that, a new Mickey can be created 
with a click. To test the program, all the different mouse events (clicking, 
dragging, flipping, pressing, exit, re-enter) were tested in multiple orders 
to ensure that there were no dangling sections that would affect later steps.   

1. To jump to a certain line number, type ":" and then type the number. Press
":20" to go to line 20.
2. To set auto-indentation, type ":set autoindent". To turn it off, type 
":set noautoindent".
3. The "u" command undos the last change.
4. To move forward a word, press "w". To go back a word, press "b".
5. To remove all class files, type "rm *.class"
6. TO remove a Unix directory when the directory is empty, type "rmdir 
(directoryname)". To remove a directory when it has files, type 
"rm -rf(directoryname)". The "f" in the second command means force removal 
and the extra "r" means to recursively remove everything inside the directory.
7. To clear a Unix terminal screen, type "clear".

